# Projects-portfolio
Examples of coding projects:

There are five coding projects in this portfolio. Phenotype-defined EHR Drug Query is one of many SQL based data extraction projects I performed while working with the Center for Precision Medicine. Much of the project is covered by HIPPA confidentiality. Therefore, even though the identities are protected by safeguards, out of respect for the sensitive nature of the data all person id information has been hidden. In short, a profile of prescription history was extracted based on client-defined phenotypes.  

There are four worbooks based on the evaluation and exploration of betweenness, closeness, degree, and eigenvector centrality values for protein structure networks. In biology there is a well-known relationship between structure and function. Therefore, the approach I have taken to understand protein structure and function is to create networks of both dynamic and static properties and evluate the structure of these networks in order to identify a systematic method for inferring protein function. The eventual goal is to develop a reliable method for drug development and/or drug repurposing. These notebooks are symmentrical. They are composed of both Python and Bash. Python does the heavy lifting of importing networks and performing network analysis while bash is used to clean and format data, and to create .cmd and .asn files which are used for mapping the results to protein structure simulations in the Chimera viewer. 
